add quick install and link to installation intrs. (#465)
crytic/medusa: README.md

mdbook serve
```

## Install

MacOS users can install the latest release of `medusa` using Homebrew:

```shell

brew install medusa
```

The master branch can be installed using the following command:

```shell
brew install --HEAD medusa
```

> For more information on build from source or obtain binaries for Windows and Linux, please refer to the [installation guide](./docs/src/getting_started/installation.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on building from source or obtaining binaries for Windows and Linux, please refer to the [installation guide](./docs/src/getting_started/installation.md).
```
